# Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement")

Thank you for your interest in contributing to RPPAL (the "Project"). This Agreement states the terms under which you may contribute to the Project any software, modifications or additions, bug fixes, documentation, or any other materials that you provide (whether electronically, verbally, or in written form) to Rene van der Meer (the "Author") related to the Project (each a "Contribution").

By providing your Contribution you grant the Author a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, no-charge, royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable license under all of your relevant intellectual property rights (including copyright, patent, trade secret and any other rights), to use, copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform and publicly display your Contributions on any licensing terms, including without limitation: (a) open source licenses like the MIT license; and (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses. Except for the licenses granted herein, you reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the Contribution.

You confirm that you are able to grant the Author these rights. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer has rights to intellectual property that you create, you represent that you have received permission to make the Contributions on behalf of that employer, or that your employer has waived such rights for the Contributions.

You represent that the Contributions are your original works of authorship, and to your knowledge, no other person claims, or has the right to claim, any right in any invention or patent related to the Contributions. You also represent that you are not legally obligated, whether by entering into an agreement or otherwise, in any way that conflicts with the terms of this license.

The Author acknowledges that, except as explicitly described in this Agreement, any Contribution which you provide is on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.